Reviewer 14 of IROS 2021 submission 1126

Comments to the author
======================

Summary:
This paper deals with 

end-to-end learning of off-road navigation policies in
deformable terrain using the Chrono simulator.

Strengths:

- The main strength of the paper is the use of the Chrono
simulator to represent more realistic physics of off-road
terrains. Chrono is one of the best choices when dealing
with off-road situations. For starters, it is open-source,
which is an advantage with respect to its main competitor,
the MAVS simulator. Secondly, it implements complex soil
models and terramechanics, which are typically not
available in other AV simulators such as CARLA, LGSVL, and
many others.

Weaknesses:

- The structure of the paper is its main weakness. The
paper attempts to move in two different directions. On one
hand, it tries to motivate the benefits of Chrono, as a
simulation platform. However, Chrono has already been
introduced in other papers, such as “Chrono: Multi-physics
simulation engine, Astrophysics Source Code Library.
September 2020”. This takes away a lot of crucial space for
the main idea of the paper, i.e., end-to-end learning of
off-road navigation policies in deformable terrain. Due to
this, the authors had to sacrifice much of the contents
related to the application. The experimental setup
described in the paper can’t be discussed in depth. The
metrics are barely discussed either. There is no
justification for the selected architecture and ablations
are not provided at all. Overall, it feels like the two
main ideas/parts of the paper are fighting for space,
leading to a situation where both ideas seem to be missing
relevant details. 
			
Overall:

I like Chrono, and I believe in its value as a
high-fidelity off-road simulator. I would love to see a
paper discussing the complexities and nuances of learning
driving policies in off-road environments. However, this is
not such a paper. This paper just touches the surface of
that topic, due to the space dedicated to re-introduce the
Chrono simulator. For these reasons, I lean towards a low
borderline. I would recommend authors consider these
comments for the benefit of their work. 


Comments on the ICRA-21 Paper Attachment
========================================

Thanks for the ICRA context. It is sad that IROS is even
more restricted in terms of page limit.

Comments on the Video Attachment
================================

The video is good enough to understand (from a qualitative
perspective) the behavior of the policy in off-road scenes.
